# Let's recap

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th>Step</th><th>Title</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td>Designate a pilot/establish governance</td><td>Risk management requires a dedicated person or team. The task can be long and tedious, so it's important to entrust it to someone who knows how the organization works.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Event log</td><td>Take stock of past events, which will enable you to assess risks on the basis of past events.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Configuration risk scale</td><td>Set your risk scale and the conditions applicable to each level</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Control points</td><td>Take stock of your organization's security measures and objectives. You can draw inspiration from the measures recommended in ISO 27001 (for IT security risks).</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Risk identification</td><td>Start by identifying the risks to your most critical assets</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Create a type of risk</td><td>identify feared events, threats, sources, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Assess the risk</td><td>The assessment concerns inherent risk (the theoretical risk associated with the activity. It can also be defined as the initial risk, before any control measures) and residual risk (the risk remaining after the implementation of control measures).</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Deal with the risk</td><td>Depending on the response, the control system may include the implementation of control points</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>Monitor the risk</td><td>Risk must live with the activity it covers. Developments are monitored on a regular basis.</td></tr></tbody></table>
